Fixed typo (#2446)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/direct-routing-plan-media-bypass.md

![Shows signaling and media flow with media bypass](media/direct-routing-media-bypass-2.png)

> Media bypass leverages protocols called Interactive Connectivity Establishment (ICE) on the Teams client and ICE lite on the SBC. These protocols enable Direct Routing to use the most direct media path for optimal quality. ICE and ICE Lite are WebRTC standards. For detailed information about these protocols, see RFC 5245.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Media bypass leverage protocols called Interactive Connectivity Establishment (ICE) enable Direct Routing on the Teams client and ICE lite on the SBC. These protocols use the most direct media path for optimal quality. ICE and ICE Lite are WebRTC standards. For detailed information about these protocols, see RFC 5245.
```
